[Music]
lift the barrel aim and shoot
wait wait
[Music]
you seem well rested after your nap this
afternoon does that always help
help what your memory i don't know what
the hell you're talking about
you asked me to come get you you said
you couldn't handle the farm anymore
i would never say that you did dad
what kind of doctor is your boyfriend
he's my husband
he's not a doctor he's a nurse you know
that
heard you went swimming daddy
first time in the pacific ocean i know
what you're up to
you want to take advantage because you
think i've lost my
marbles
who do you think paid for this house
finished
your mother warned me last night dad you
know mom's not here
what's the matter they take away your
wings
when they found out you weren't quite
the manly man they thought they hired
now you're just another housewife
you think you can do and say whatever
you want you know where the door is my
friend
hear that
two hearts
heaven doesn't want him and he'll keep
sending him back
[Music]
you